So, guys, now let us summarize this section.
We can always program our general-purpose libraries, so general-purpose libraries means link list trees
and others, which is used to organize the application data structures using callbacks, which can provide
intelligence to the library to search an element based on a key or compare the two elements.
Application developer needs to specify key maps and comparison function and register with the library.
So we have already illustrated and discussed this model in detail where application invokes the registration
function.
And the responsibility of this registration function is to provide a function called back to the library
library users, registered application specific callbacks to perform application specific operation
on the application data that it is holding library records stays generic and application agnostic all
the time.
C++ and Java programming language provides the concept called Generex, which is an excellent feature.
So using Generex in C++ and Java, you can design your General-Purpose Library's application agnostic
and perform application specific operations.
But in case of C programming language, we need to make use of function pointers.